feat: support date types for range components (#261)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/v3/range/rangeinput.md

    DB data field to be mapped with the component's UI view. The selected range creates a database query on this field.
-   **range** `Object`
    an object with `start` and `end` keys and corresponding numeric values denoting the minimum and maximum possible slider values.
    

>     `range` prop accepts `Date` objects as values corresponding to `start` and `end` keys when date-types are dealt with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `range` prop accepts (JavaScript) `Date` objects as values for the `start` and `end` keys when a date type field is used for the `dataField`.
```

|       `basic_time_no_millis` |                                                                         `HHmmssZ`                                                                          |
|                       `date` |                                                                        `yyyy-MM-dd`                                                                        |
|                 `basic_date` |                                                                         `yyyyMMdd`                                                                         |
|            `basic_date_time` |                                                                  `yyyyMMdd'T'HHmmss.SSSZ`                                                                  |
|  `basic_date_time_no_millis` |                                                                    `yyyyMMdd'T'HHmmssZ`                                                                    |
|        `date_time_no_millis` |                                                                 `yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssZZ`      

> > Note: `queryFormat` is mandatory to pass when dealing with date types.

Reviewer: Check on the formatting over here.
